the razor crest severely damaged a crash
lands on the moon of trask
[Music]
the frog lady is reunited with her
husband who directs the mandalorian to
an inn
where he learns three mandalorians have
been seen and the captain of a trawler
of corrin offers passage to find the
[Music]
mandalorians
out at sea the captain shows them a
mamacore they are transporting
he suddenly throws the child's carrier
into the beast's cage
the mandalorian dives in after and is
trapped inside
the captain promises to kill him for his
armor
mandalorians come to their rescue
killing the entire crew
[Music]
bocadin cries and her teammates
cosgraves and axe woves break taboo by
taking off their helmets
the mandalorian distrusts them but she
explains her mandalorian heritage and
that he is a child of the watch b
a group consisting of zealots who follow
the ancient
way of the mandalore which mainstream
mandalorian society does not
the mandalorian leaves stubbornly
refusing bokuton's help
the mandalorian is attacked by the
brother of the dead trawler captain
again bocaden comes to his aid she later
explains that imperial remnants still
plunder mandalore and her team is
raiding cargo ships to steal weapons
she promises the information he needs in
return for his help in their next raid
bocaden also seeks a mandalorian relic
which had been stolen from her
the darksaber the child stays with the
frog lady
the team makes short work of the
stormtroopers on board the freighter and
takes control of the cargo
bocaden alters the mission deciding to
take the whole ship
the mandalorian is reluctant bokoden
mocks him saying
this is the way the captain alerts moff
gideon
but it is too late for help gideon tells
the captain to sacrifice the ship to
kill them all
the mandalorian makes a dangerous charge
at a group of stormtroopers
allowing bokoten to take control of the
ship in time
[Music]
do
she presses the captain to tell her the
location of the darksaber
but tells her she must already know and
commits suicide
bocaden thanks the mandalorian and
invites him to join them in future
missions
saying his bravery will be remembered he
declines
saying he must continue his own quest
while stating that the offer still
stands
bocaden directs him to the city of
calidon on the forest planet of corvus
where he will find a jedi called ahsoka
to know
[Music]
you